the doctor who christmas day special
will mark matt smith last appearance as
the doctor now here to talk about his
time on the show and also we may be
leaving its MJ Brook from Doctor Who
online so are we going to be sad to see
must go incredibly sad scene go yeah I
mean you didn't have the greatest of
receptions from fans some portions
appended to start off with and he's
really made the role his own he's turned
everyone around who doubted him and he's
been he's going to be British could be
really sad to see him go oh good for him
so he has really won over the fun to me
definitely yeah yeah and do we have any
information at all on how he may be
exiting the show not really no I mean
there's very little knowing about it the
production team have done an excellent
job of keeping their cards close to
their chest and I think you know it'd be
nice to see him go out and a big blaze
of glory and you know but I think I
think they will go out and I Steven
Moffat has sort of said that there will
be closure in the Christmas episode are
there sort of strings of story or that
you'd like to see Raptor yeah in fact
Steve was actually said that there's
there a few loose ends that we're going
to see tied up from his entire sort of
hero really so white going right back to
series one we find out why the TARDIS
exploded i believe and a couple more
loose ends are going to be tied up there
as well so there will be some sort of ya
feeling about six we have big big big
big payday at the end of it a good and
matt said it could be a huge and safe
tgiving the show which i'm sure lots of
doctors feel such a big institution we
part off and do you think he's gonna
continue with his success as an actor
yeah i definitely think so yeah that's
really he's got a really interesting
quality about being really young and
youthful and bendy and but also having
this really
sure why is this about them as well and
I think that's something that he can
take forwards into any role and you know
doctor who is the greatest training
ground for an actor as well because
you're doing so many different things
you're going to different extremes and I
think once you go to another job you're
going to have that all behind you this
you're walking CD so I think it's good
really good but a good future ahead of
it oh thank you so much for talking
about Matt Smith's exit we of course
will be tuning in on Christmas Day to
find out how the 11th doctor will leave